docs: migrate 'migrate from core22 to core24' (#5431)
snapcore/snapcraft: docs/how-to/change-bases/change-from-core22-to-core24.rst

Change from core22 to core24
============================

> Support for core24 occurs via the `craft-application
> <https://github.com/canonical/craft-application>`_ library. Craft application
> introduces changes to the lifecycle, adds a new remote builder, and replaces
> the concept of ``architectures`` with ``platforms``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes the process for migrating a snap that uses core22 as its base to
core24.

Support for core24 is provided by the `Craft Application
<https://github.com/canonical/craft-application>`_ library. Craft Application introduced
changes to the lifecycle, added a new remote builder, and replaced the concept of
``architectures`` with ``platforms``. These updates inform the migration process.
```
